README.md, before:

# Composer Integrity Plugin

A composer plugin that checks your installed composer packages against a list of known correct checksums.

The hashing algorithm being used is [xxhash64](https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash).

We collect the following data:
- A unique installation hash based on composer.json and composer.lock
- Hashes based on package name and package version.
- Hashes based on the contents of the installed packages (checksum).

These hashes are then compared against a larger database.  No sensitive data or contents of files is collected.

## Installation

```bash
composer require --dev sansec/composer-integrity-plugin
```

## Usage

```bash
composer integrity
```

# Caveats

The plugin does not consider patches, such as those applied through [composer-patches](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches), via a `post-install-cmd` composer script, or editing in `vendor` outright.

In such instances, it is the user's responsibility to assess the situation and take appropriate action.

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE) - Copyright (c) 2023 Sansec

Commit message:

add no-match flag to readme

README.md, after:

# Composer Integrity Plugin

A composer plugin that checks your installed composer packages against a list of known correct checksums.

The hashing algorithm being used is [xxhash64](https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash).

We collect the following data:
- A unique installation hash based on composer.json and composer.lock
- Hashes based on package name and package version.
- Hashes based on the contents of the installed packages (checksum).

These hashes are then compared against a larger database.  No sensitive data or contents of files is collected.

## Installation

```bash
composer require --dev sansec/composer-integrity-plugin
```

## Usage

```bash
composer integrity
```

You can pass the `--skip-match` flag to only show non-matching checksums.

# Caveats

The plugin does not consider patches, such as those applied through [composer-patches](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches), via a `post-install-cmd` composer script, or editing in `vendor` outright.

In such instances, it is the user's responsibility to assess the situation and take appropriate action.

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE) - Copyright (c) 2023 Sansec
